fix: updated NEAR documentation with more detailed information about … (#35)
calimero-network/calimero-network.github.io: docs/07-integrations/02-blockchains/01-near-integration.mdx

### **Mutable (Write) Calls**

Please note that **mutable (write) calls are currently unstable**. We have been actively working on resolving issues related to write operations and their propagation across the network.

---

## Current Issues with Write Methods

> While Calimero offers seamless read operations on the NEAR blockchain, we are currently experiencing challenges with write (mutable) operations. These issues primarily relate to the propagation of transactions across the network and have resulted in inefficiencies and occasional failures in processing write requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Calimero offers seamless read operations on the NEAR blockchain, we are working out some technical details to enable write (mutable) operations.
```

### Key Challenges:

1. **Duplicate Transaction Submissions**:
   - When a user submits a transaction, it is propagated across multiple nodes within the context before reaching the smart contract. This can cause multiple peers to attempt to resubmit the same transaction, leading to duplication. These redundant submissions not only slow down the network but can also introduce errors or failed transactions.

2. **Transaction Redundancy**:

>    - The redundant resubmission of transactions unnecessarily consumes network resources such as gas and computational power. This inefficiency also increases the likelihood of errors, resulting in an inconsistent transaction flow and potential delays in processing.

Reviewer: No need to outline, as these say the same thing. Fundamentally the issue stems from all nodes submitting the same transaction when only one node is needed, and that eventually we'll have optimistic execution which will solve this issue.
